CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program? 
   Web Crawling and Scraping

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
   A web crawler is more a advanced web scraper. 
   It follows links across pages, extracting and possibly storing content from each page it visits.
   It avoids revisiting URLs and obeys the domain limit.
    
    It will help to know how to mine data or information from the web or internet.
    It will be useful where data or information is needed and that can be found freely on the internet.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    I will learn how to create and application using python to fetch data or mine data from the internet.
    I will definitely learn how to work better with third part modules and API to manage complex data.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
    requests, csv, panda, os, pytest, BeautifulSoup, time

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. List the names of functions you will need?

     get_file(), save_file(), url_link(), craw(), is_valid_url();

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write. 
    test_get_file(), test_url_link(), test_word(), test_craw(), test_is_valid_url()
    

 